I wouldn't be surprised to see him get a
chance with that on television very long
round to five to go
no score two falls beside this Jonas le
tights for the stripe down the side
there and that's Ross hard landing face
to the posting head goes over the top of
that you'll really know it and a full
Boston Crab by Jones how strong is this
fellow's back strong enough for Jonas
well he's
Thank You Jones doing a lot of this face
down throws here table suplex
over the top Pollock Road Ross press a
counter to somehow get out of that but
his back feels it a little bit dazed
heart rate Bharti Jones having it really
his own way at the moment Oh nicely
messed there though flying tackle gets
Jones all thought of him completely
unawares there and got a counter to the
nearest he's caught yet first chance
he's really had a weakness from France
there's one of John's favorite styles of
her lock they're using both arms
just as I start to feel really sorry for
Ross Hodge she comes back and shows us
that he's got a few tricks up his sleeve
yet boss breasts Tata to again
that's a fall from the crowd say anyway
just a couple of minutes left in this
thing a nice trip again by cross figure
four leglock
how it's gonna make too much impression
even from this angle lot of IT jobs have
to see him get one full but certainly
doesn't look like you at the moment too
much of a proposition head and shoulders
toward that one really hard again Ross
heart goes forwards into the posting
angle back again on his head and
shoulders and then his left comes in but
slowly that but it's across president
Marty hits the canvas in here
he's disappoint but they thought he had
it then Ross put all his efforts I did
yeah it's not allowed over here I'm
afraid this actually not the ropes like
that the referee smiles because he
realizes that cross husband fight
realize it and Ross fart apologizes the
meantime there are only a few seconds to
go to the bell to every round I think
everybody would like to see Russ Hart
get a little nearer to a fall his he got
a count of two thereby taking right here
by surprise but of course he hasn't got
to wait all the experience and of course
he's up against a very very powerful
father indeed but he has done some good
one or two good moves that have looked a
little bit dangerous for Marty let's see
if he can do another one in round three
seconds away or ago still no score
starting off his run differently all
together
keeping very low knowing that that
swinging uppercut was on his way
actually taken over the top and a
folding press oh well still couldn't get
quite far enough back to get his balance
paddy Oh beautiful dropped a budget dogs
perfect both feet right on the jaw there
six we'll have to hurry he'll have to
make it quick
knock out when in just 1 minute 10
seconds by Jones win by a knockout over
Ross 5 unlucky but will we see him again
before he goes these these shores to
beat the count
the winner party Joe and we factor this
very shortly because it will be tag-team
time